README.md, before:

# TwitchAdSolutions

This repo aims to provide multiple solutions for blocking Twitch ads.<br>
**Don't combine Twitch specific ad blockers.**

## Recommendations

Proxies are the most reliable way of avoiding ads ([buffering / downtime info](full-list.md#proxy-issues)).

- `TTV LOL PRO` - [chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ttv-lol-pro/bpaoeijjlplfjbagceilcgbkcdjbomjd) / [firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/ttv-lol-pro/) / [code](https://github.com/younesaassila/ttv-lol-pro)
- `TTV LOL` - [chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ttv-lol/ofbbahodfeppoklmgjiokgfdgcndngjm) / [code](https://github.com/TTV-LOL/extensions)

Alternatively: [Check this full list with descriptions.](full-list.md)

## Script

**My recommendation as it seems to be the best and most reliable ad-blocker.**

- vaft - [ublock](https://github.com/yungsamd17/TwitchAdSolutions/raw/master/vaft/vaft-ublock-origin.js) / [ublock (permalink)](https://github.com/yungsamd17/TwitchAdSolutions/raw/4a64aab0ac406faf8321842dbadfc11560312403/vaft/vaft-ublock-origin.js)
  - `Video Ad-Block, for Twitch` (fork) as a script.
  - *Full screen ad message displayed during ads.*

*For the sake of security it's recommended to use a permalink when using uBlock Origin (permalinks do not auto update).*

## Applying a script (uBlock Origin)

- Navigate to the uBlock Origin Dashboard (the extension options)
- Under the `My filters` tab add `twitch.tv##+js(twitch-videoad)`.
- Under the `Settings` tab, enable `I am an advanced user`, then click the cog that appears. Modify the value of `userResourcesLocation` from `unset` to the full url of the solution you wish to use (if a url is already in use, add a space after the existing url). e.g. `userResourcesLocation https://github.com/yungsamd17/TwitchAdSolutions/raw/master/vaft/vaft-ublock-origin.js` 
- To ensure uBlock Origin loads the script I recommend that you disable/enable the uBlock Origin extension (or restart your browser).

*To stop using a script remove the filter and make the url `unset`.*

Commit message:

:memo: Update README
Added userscript

README.md, after:

# TwitchAdSolutions

This repo aims to provide multiple solutions for blocking Twitch ads.<br>
**Don't combine Twitch specific ad blockers.**

## Recommendations

Proxies are the most reliable way of avoiding ads ([buffering / downtime info](full-list.md#proxy-issues)).

- `TTV LOL PRO` - [chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ttv-lol-pro/bpaoeijjlplfjbagceilcgbkcdjbomjd) / [firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/ttv-lol-pro/) / [code](https://github.com/younesaassila/ttv-lol-pro)
- `TTV LOL` - [chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ttv-lol/ofbbahodfeppoklmgjiokgfdgcndngjm) / [code](https://github.com/TTV-LOL/extensions)

Alternatively: [Check this full list with descriptions.](full-list.md)

## Script

**My recommendation as it seems to be the best and most reliable ad-blocker.**

- vaft - [ublock](https://github.com/yungsamd17/TwitchAdSolutions/raw/master/vaft/vaft-ublock-origin.js) / [userscript](https://github.com/yungsamd17/TwitchAdSolutions/raw/master/vaft/vaft.user.js) / [ublock (permalink)](https://github.com/yungsamd17/TwitchAdSolutions/raw/4a64aab0ac406faf8321842dbadfc11560312403/vaft/vaft-ublock-origin.js)
  - `Video Ad-Block, for Twitch` (fork) as a script.
  - *Full screen ad message displayed during ads.*

*For the sake of security it's recommended to use a permalink when using uBlock Origin (permalinks do not auto update).*

## Applying a script (uBlock Origin)

- Navigate to the uBlock Origin Dashboard (the extension options)
- Under the `My filters` tab add `twitch.tv##+js(twitch-videoad)`.
- Under the `Settings` tab, enable `I am an advanced user`, then click the cog that appears. Modify the value of `userResourcesLocation` from `unset` to the full url of the solution you wish to use (if a url is already in use, add a space after the existing url). e.g. `userResourcesLocation https://github.com/yungsamd17/TwitchAdSolutions/raw/master/vaft/vaft-ublock-origin.js` 
- To ensure uBlock Origin loads the script I recommend that you disable/enable the uBlock Origin extension (or restart your browser).

*To stop using a script remove the filter and make the url `unset`.*

## Applying a script (userscript)

- Viewing one of the userscript files should prompt the given script to be added.
